[Wav2Vec2] Update blog posts with new audio feature and other (#165)
huggingface/blog: fine-tune-xlsr-wav2vec2.md

For more explanations on other parameters, one can take a look at the [docs](https://huggingface.co/transformers/master/main_classes/trainer.html?highlight=trainer#trainingarguments).

During training, a checkpoint will be uploaded asynchronously to the hub every 400 training steps. It allows you to also play around with the demo widget even while your model is still training.

**Note**: If one does not want to upload the model checkpoints to the hub, simply set `push_to_hub=False`.

```python
from transformers import TrainingArguments

training_args = TrainingArguments(
  output_dir=repo_name,
  group_by_length=True,
  per_device_train_batch_size=16,

> 	gradient_accumulation_steps=2,

Author: Thanks!

The resulting model of this notebook has been saved to [`patrickvonplaten/wav2vec2-large-xlsr-turkish-demo`](https://huggingface.co/patrickvonplaten/wav2vec2-large-xlsr-turkish-demo)

### Evaluation

> In the final part, we evaluate our fine-tuned model on the test set and

Author: ```suggestion
In the final part, we run our model on some of the validation data to get a feeling for how well it works.
```

The training loss goes down and we can see that the WER on the test set also improves nicely. Because this notebook is just for demonstration purposes, we can stop here.

You can now upload the result of the training to the Hub, just execute this instruction:

```python
trainer.push_to_hub()
```

You can now share this model with all your friends, family, favorite pets: they can all load it with the identifier "your-username/the-name-you-picked" so for instance:

```python
from transformers import AutoModelForCTC, Wav2Vec2Processor

model = AutoModelForCTC.from_pretrained("patrickvonplaten/wav2vec2-large-xlsr-turkish-demo-colab")
processor = Wav2Vec2Processor.from_pretrained("patrickvonplaten/wav2vec2-large-xlsr-turkish-demo-colab")
```

### Evaluation

In the final part, we run our model on some of the validation data to get a feeling for how well it works.

```python
model = Wav2Vec2ForCTC.from_pretrained(repo_name).to("cuda")
processor = Wav2Vec2Processor.from_pretrained(repo_name)
```

Now, we will just take the first example of the test set, run it through the model and take the `argmax(...)` of the logits to retrieve the predicted token ids.

```python

> input_dict = processor(common_voice_test["input_values"][0], sampling_rate=16_000, return_tensors="pt", padding=True)

Reviewer: Should this be 16000?

Author: Python allows `16_000` :-)
